The first thing we'll need to do in order to configure CloudWatch
events with AWS Lambda is to create the different events that we'll
be using to trigger that Lambda function.
We'll do this with the aws events put‑rule command here.
Now,
events is signifying CloudWatch events, and I'll use the
same backslash I was using before so I can go to the next
line and type in my arguments.
I'm going to use name here, and then I'm going to give this a name
that's particular to what we're using in cuckoo.py. It's going to
be come_to_work. Now I'm going to run this three times later on to
create a come_to_work event,
a daily_tasks event, and then our pickup event for our
clients to come and pick up their pets.
I'm going to put a space here and put another backslash, and we'll need to
now pass in a new argument called schedule‑expression.
Now,
this will allow us to pass in either a rate or a cron event to
trigger this function on a regular basis.
In this case,
I'm going to use a cron event using cron and this open‑close
parentheses syntax. I'm also going to close it out with a single
quotation here. And then inside of here, I'm going to need to tell
this cron event when to run.
Now, I want it to run at the top of the hour,
so I would put a 0 here at the first value.
If I wanted it to run at the 15‑minute mark, I could put a 15 here instead.
But I want it to run at the top the hour, so that's
the first thing there for minutes.
And then I want it to run at a particular hour, so I'm going to put 12 here,
and that'll signify 12 in GMT, which is about the time you'd want your
employees to come to work in the east coast of the United States.
However, keep in mind that this CloudWatch cron event is going to run in
GMT always, so convert whatever you're doing to GMT when you're creating
these cron events. Next,
I'm going to add in the day of the month that I want this to run.
Now,
I don't really care too much about the day of the month that it
is, so I'm going to put the question mark here,
which will say go ahead and treat the other stuff as more important,
and the day of the month will become irrelevant.
Now let's put another space in here, and in this position I'll be
specifying the month that I want this to run. So I could put
something like JAN in here for January.
If I wanted to do that with a number, I could also put a 1 in here.
But I want this to run every month, so I'm going to put a star here.
After that, I'll specify the day of the week that I want this to run.
I could do something like MON for Monday, or if I want a range of dates,
which in this case I do, I want to say Monday through the other date,
which in this case will be FRI for Friday. So this
will run during the work week in GMT.
Next, I'm going to put a space here, and we'll add the last thing here,
which is the year we want this to run in.
I want this to run every year and not just in the
current year or some future year,
so I'll put the star there. So with all of this typed in,
let's go ahead and hit Enter.
So now this rule should have been created inside of my AWS account,
and I'll be able to use it later on to configure it with AWS Lambda.
Now one important thing I'm going to want to do is to copy
down this ARN that's included here for later.
Now the beginning of the ARN should remain the same.
So if I create additional rules here,
I should be able to then copy and paste the endings of the
ARN, the actual name of the rule, in order to get the new
ARN that's associated with it.
So let's go ahead and continue on, adding these different rules.
Let me go back up, and let's edit this.
And instead of calling this come_to_work,
let's call this next one our daily_tasks. Now, for this daily_tasks rule,
we're also going to need to change the schedule‑expression from 12, which
will be in that case about 8 a.m, to like 5 hours later, so what about in
the middle of the day when we need to remind them to get some of that work
done. So, with this,
I should hit Enter again, and this will create a new daily_tasks rule for me.
Now, finally, I can press up one more time to get that previous command,
and we'll change daily_tasks to pickup.
Now,
this will be that pickup reminder for our clients to come and get their pets.
So once I've changed the name,
I'll also change the schedule‑expression from the 5 that's here to 22, and
this should be closer to when we'd want our clients to come by and pick up
their pets in the afternoon. So I can hit Enter one more time here, and
this should've created the final rule.
Now, one thing to note about these rules is that while they've been created,
they haven't been associated with our Lambda function.
In fact, I'm going to go ahead and clear the screen,
and then we can go back over here to our Lambda console, and
you'll notice that if we refresh the screen,
they're still not associated with our gpc_cuckoo function here.
Now I just want to demonstrate something on a different function because I
don't want to mess anything up for our gpc_cuckoo function.
Let's say I wanted to add a new trigger to the sparrow function. If
we wanted to add a CloudWatch trigger from CloudWatch Events, we
could specify one of these rules that we just created of
daily_tasks, pickup, or come_to_work.
But I don't want to do this for the sparrow function. I want to do this for
our other function that we created of the gpc_cuckoo.
But I'm not going to show you how to do this in the console. Instead, in the next video, I'll show you how to do this in the CLI.